PR42 — what the two screens actually show, read from the running product

Both screenshots were taken headed, at 1440x900, through system Edge driven by playwright-core
(the bundled chromium fails on this machine with `spawn UNKNOWN`), against a Vite dev server on
port 5231 with a cacheDir of its own — node_modules in this worktree is a junction to the main
checkout, so the default node_modules/.vite is shared with every other worktree on the machine.

The signed-in session is the local demo owner (owner@demo.supplyflow.local), reached through the
login screen's own local-demo disclosure. NOTHING WAS WRITTEN: no save button was pressed on
either screen, and the run recorded zero /rest/v1 responses at 400 or above. The only console
errors in the run are the realtime WebSocket's, which are unrelated to either finding. The shared
local Supabase stack was read from and not touched; it is at an older migration head than this
tree, and both screens still rendered in full.


PR42-settings-1440x900.png — /settings, `OWN-13`
------------------------------------------------
The business card at the top of the screen carries three fields. Reading right to left, as the
screen does: שם הארגון לתצוגה = "עסק לדוגמה"; שיעור מע״מ (%) = 18; טווח ימים להתאמת בנק = 7.

The day field now looks like the VAT field beside it. Measured on the live element in the same
run, not inferred from the source:

  #settings-match-days -> {min: "0", max: null, step: "1", value: "7",
                           aria-describedby: "settings-match-days-hint"}

`max` is null ON PURPOSE and is the one thing in this PR that is an absence rather than a value:
no server bound exists to mirror (the value lives in a jsonb column with no CHECK and no server
reader) and OPEN-DECISIONS row 3 records the default window and no ceiling, so a maximum here
would be an owner's answer written by a developer.

In place of that missing ceiling the field states the unit and the effect, in three muted lines
under the input, in the same treatment the logo hint above the fold already uses:

  "מספר שלם של ימים. תשלום שנרשם בטווח הזה סביב מועד השורה בדף הבנק מוצע כהתאמה סבירה יותר."

The hint is wired to the input by aria-describedby, so it is read out with the field rather than
being decoration beside it. The card below is unchanged — שפת הממשק, then סטיות סכום מותרות, the
panel that owns the tolerance keys this screen deliberately does not name.


PR42-onboarding-1440x900.png — /onboarding, `OWN-14`
-----------------------------------------------------
The screenshot is the finding, in one frame. The step rail reads פרטי העסק · שלב 1 as the open
step, and קטגוריות, ספקים and מוצרים ומחירון all read הושלם — an organisation that has been
trading for months, being walked through "הקמת המערכת". The form beneath it is pre-filled from
that same organisation: שם העסק = "עסק לדוגמה", שיעור מע״מ = 18, and the four contact fields
empty because this organisation never set them.

Between the step heading and the first field there is now a sky-toned note, and it is above the
fields rather than beside the button:

  "השדות כאן טעונים בפרטי העסק השמורים כרגע — זה אינו טופס לעסק חדש. לחיצה על „שמירה והמשך"
   מעדכנת את רשומת העסק שהמערכת כבר עובדת מולה, ומחליפה את הערכים הקיימים בשדות ששינית."

The primary button at the foot of the card still reads שמירה והמשך, and it was NOT pressed here.
What it does was measured separately, in the spec: it issues
PATCH /rest/v1/organizations?id=eq.<org> carrying name, vat_rate and settings.business, merging
the bank-matching keys through untouched. See PR42-OWN-14-RED.txt, where that measurement is the
test that passes on the unfixed tree.
